Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Thiobacillus,
which-- William--
is a remarkable bacterium because--
It's the only known organism
that lives in sulfuric acid.
That's right. And--
- Yes, Miss Rouhani?
- Deinococcus radiodurans.
Um, first discovered in 1956...
- breeding inside of drums of radioactive waste.
- That's correct.
So, pompejana, Thiobacillus, Deinococcus--
Which of these three
would most likely survive...
in the extreme environment of the
Jupiter moon Callisto, and why?
Tom, can you get the lights, please?
That's your lab report question
for this week,
and it's due in my box
by midnight on Friday.
That's all for today. Thank you.
So, are you coming to the faculty conference tonight?
And listen to Dean Stoff lecture
about how the universe is like a beautiful woman?
Think I'll pass.
Come on. It'll be fun.
I could pick you up.
Um, I can't.
I have to get back to my own extreme environment.
But thank you.
- See you tomorrow.
- Yeah.
- Come on. Go.
- Jacob?
Go, go!
Come on, come on!
- Yes!
- Jacob, dinner.
Have you finished your homework?
- Yes. You just killed me.
- Good. Now that you're dead,
you can shut that off
and come down for dinner.
- Did you order pepperoni tonight?
- Nope. Are these clean?
- Yeah.
- We've had pizza twice this week,
so I made you a proper meal tonight...
- with vegetables.
- Vegetables?
Stop being such a stepmom.
Where'd you get this?
It was Dad's.
Yeah, I know. Where was it?
I found it in the downstairs bathroom.
It's mine now.
Okay.
- Come on. I said please shut that off.
- You didn't say "please."
- Jacob.
- Helen.
- Hello?
- Helen Benson?
- Yes.
- Dr. Helen Benson?
You're at 106 Longwood Road?
- Who is this?
- Someone should be there shortly.
What do you mean, someone's coming here?
Who is this?
Everything will be explained to you en route.
En route where?
- Hello?
- They should be there soon.
Yes. They're at your door now.
Hold on a minute.
Dr. Benson, if you'll come with us.
- What's happening?
- Everything will be explained.
But you must come with us right away.
Am I under arrest?
- You're in federal custody.
- Why?
What is this about?
Everything will be explained en route.
- I have a child here.
- Is there anyone who can look after the boy?
- No.
- Can his father take care of him?
- No, his father isn't here.
- I can take care of myself.
Jacob, you can't take care of yourself.
There's just no way--
- You're coming with us, Dr. Benson.
- Helen?
Jacob, grab your coat.
You're gonna stay at Isabel's.
Attention, Bravo.
Prepare to move out. Over.
It's gonna be okay.
Dr. Benson, there isn't much time.
Okay, we've got her. Let's go.
Two stoplights down, then left,
there's an on-ramp for the highway.
- Do you see it?
- This must be a mistake.
Helen Benson.
Social security number: 51-48-7843?
- Yeah.
- It's no mistake.
- What is this about?
- Everything will be explained.
- Stop the car. Can you stop the car, please?
- Ma'am--
I am not under arrest. You can't do this.
- This is a matter of national security. You're just gonna--
- National security?
That just means whatever you want it to mean.
I'm just asking you to tell me
why I'm needed,
- or to let me go.
- I can't tell you why you're needed, because I don't know.
- But I know they need you, and I know it's urgent.
- How do you know that?
Where are all the cars?
- They shut down the highway.
- They shut it down?
- For what?
- For us.
I was driving up my driveway--
I was on the computer--
- Hi. I'm Yusef.
- Helen.
Helen, do you have any idea
why this is happening to us?
- No.
- Well, think.
- What do we have in common?
- What do you do for a living, Yusef?
- I'm a nuclear physicist.
- I'm an astronomer.
- Geologist.
- I'm an astrobiologist.
Fossil record study?
No. Microbiology.
Theories of life beyond Earth.
- All right, so we're all scientists.
- No, not me.
- I'm a civil engineer.
- Put it all together, and what do you get?
I've participated in government mobilizations
like this before.
War games in preparations for certain scenarios.
- Is that what you think this is?
- No.
Whatever it is, it's not a game.
No! Keep those vehicles moving! Let's go!
Your attention, please!
Make your way directly across the courtyard
to the main barracks.
Leave all your cell phones
and cameras here.
I repeat: cell phones and cameras
are not allowed inside.
Leave any cell phones and cameras here.
Helen!
Will you bring her up?
Ladies and gentlemen, you need to give up
your cell phones and your cameras.
- Your attention, please!
- Thank you.
Make your way directly across the courtyard
to the main barracks.
- Helen.
- Hi, Michael.
- Been a long time.
- Are you behind all this?
- Yes. I'm glad you came.
- It's not like I had a choice.
Sorry about that.
I had you put on the vital list.
- I thought it was important to have you a part of this team.
- Why?
I've been keeping up with the work
that you've been doing with Professor Barnhardt.
What does it have to do with this?
I'll have to crash-brief you
in the conference room.
Object 07-493...
was first spotted just beyond Jupiter's orbit
by the Spaceguard Program.
It was notable for the fact
that it was not moving in an asteroidal ellipse,
but rather, it had a hyperbolic orbit...
and was shooting through our solar system.
The object is moving at speeds of up to
three times 10 to the seventh meters per second.
At first, it was projected to pass
millions of miles outside of Earth's orbit.
However, we soon discovered that...
the object was not following
a gravitationally free fall trajectory.
As such,
its path was recalculated.
It was at this time a crisis response team
was activated...
and everything you see around you
was set in motion.
Can we launch a missile to intercept it?
The military's attempting to do just that.
In fact, they may launch several.
But given the speed at which
this object is moving,
our chances of success are slim at best.
- Why don't they evacuate the area?
- We simply do not have enough time.
The affected area contains
some eight million inhabitants.
The best we can do is to plan for the aftermath.
How long do we have?
Seventy-eight minutes.
Hey, what did the cops want anyway?
Well, there's gonna be...
a big storm tonight.
And...
they needed some scientists to help out.
You know with...
planning stuff.
So, um,
pretty soon, you're all gonna go down
to the basement, okay?
- I already told Isabel.
- I haven't seen anything on TV about--
Jacob, just--
just do it, all right?
All right. I should go.
Wait. Um, can we talk...
just a little bit longer?
We're having dinner now.
I really should go.
You know, I love you very much.
Okay. Bye, Helen.
Is that a cell phone?
Can I borrow it?
What are the odds of an asteroid
making impact on Manhattan?
- Astronomical. Plus, there's no light signature.
- Then it can't be an asteroid.
- A primordial black hole, perhaps.
- You know what that would mean?
Whatever it is, if this object is moving...
at three times 10 to the seventh meters per second,
there will be no aftermath.
If they can't stop it before it hits,
there will be nothing left but dust.
It will sterilize the Earth.
This is all theater.
They're sayin' we lost launch capabilities.
What does that even mean?
- The missile's disabled.
- Disabled by what?
- They don't know.
- But they can restore it, right?
There's a fallback! They have to launch!
Object impact in seven.
- Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name.
- Six. Five.
- Thy kingdom come, thy will be done,
- Four.
- on Earth as it is in heaven.
- Three. Two.
One.
Where is it?
- Could they have made a mistake?
- Wait!
Roger that.
They're saying the object's still on its approach.
Well, then where is it?
- It's slowing down.
- I see it.
Radiation levels are slightly elevated,
but it's not dangerous.
I'm getting a lot of electrostatic interference.
Yeah, me too.
Did you feel that?
Feel what?
I feel it.
It's close.
Checkmate 0-6. Who has tactical command here?
This is 29-17. I need to know
who has jurisdiction on this site.
Checkmate 0-3, this is Gator 2-3.
We're blind here.
Checkmate 0-6, actual.
Do you copy? Over.
What the hell is that thing?
I need the rules of engagement now!
Target is advancing.
Repeat: Target is advancing.
Sniper team leaders, come back.
- Do not fire!
- It's coming right at us!
- Hold your fire! Hold your fire!
- Do we engage?
- Do not fire!
- Fire! Fire!
- Cease fire!
- All stations, cease fire! Cease fire!
Don't shoot! Do not shoot!
We need a medic!
Klaatu, barada, nikto.
We need that D.N.A. swab.
D.N.A. swab now!
- It's soaking through.
- What's the O2, stat?
Get me the O2, stat!
Go. No one else.
Let's go!
What am I supposed to do now?
Do I start an I.V.?
No. We don't know its physiology.
For all we know, the fluids may kill it.
- What do I do? What do I do?
- Its blood is red. It must have hemoglobin.
- Okay, she's right. Start the drip.
- Okay. I can't find a vein.
- It doesn't have any veins.
- Look for a central line site then.
It's going into cardiac arrest. Defib?
- Yeah. Get in there now. Go! Go!
- Clear!
- Are you okay?
- The monitor shorted out.
Heart rate is stabilizing. It's stabilizing.
What now? What now?
Do you have a surgeon?
Normally for a gunshot,
we'd be using a general anesthetic.
But as we don't know
how the patient will react,
I have opted for a local.
I'm making the first incision... now.
No explosions.
So far, so good.
Pale flesh.
The texture--
Something akin to--
What?
Whale blubber.
I'm taking a specimen now.
Let's pack that on ice and chopper it
to a genomics lab for D.N.A. mapping.
I'd like a sample of that as well.
I am entering the wound.
And--
My God.
What is this? I'm-I'm sorry.
I'm-I'm a little taken aback.
- What's wrong?
- Nothing's wrong.
That's the thing. It's all so familiar.
The outer layer of the flesh
is exotic, it's strange,
but as I go deeper,
there's muscle, vein, nerve, bone.
I'm extracting...
the bullet.
This gray flesh,
it seems to be just falling away.
It's-- It's removing itself.
I think I need to keep extracting it.
Yes. Continue.
Can you explain any of this?
It's dreaming.
Any signs of neural activity?
It lit up the F.M.R.I.
like Times Square.
Get help.
Code white. Subject is conscious.
Help!
It's looking at you.
Try saying something to it.
My name is Dr. Helen Benson.
We're trying to help you.
You have nothing to fear from us.
Help you. Nothing to fear.
Global markets are panicked
in early trading this morning...
in response to the crisis in Central Park.
Trading has been halted on the New York Stock Exchange,
the Nikkei and the Hang Seng...
as Manhattan prepares for a massive evacuation.
In other cities around the world,
people are voluntarily evacuating population centers,
fearing that the sphere in Central Park...
may be the vanguard
of an impending alien invasion.
The president and the vice president...
have been taken to separate
and secure locations.
Until this situation has some kind of resolve,
I am the eyes and the ears of the presidency.
- So, what do we know?
- Madam Secretary,
we lost contact with one of our D.S.C.S.-3
listening satellites...
- orbiting Earth.
- What is that image?
- Are you saying the sphere in Central Park isn't the only one?
- In fact, we have intelligence...
that smaller spheres have landed
at other locations around the world.
Do we have briefings on that?
And where are these spheres right now?
- How is that even possible?
- I think we're asking the wrong questions.
What questions should we be asking?
Well, let's start with this.
Where is our satellite?
- We lost contact with it.
- In the scheme of things,
the loss of one satellite
isn't necessarily our concern.
D.S.C.S.-3 stands for
Defense Systems Communications Satellite.
Remember what it communicates with?
They were able to access our defense mainframe
via that satellite.
That's how they temporarily shut down
our missile defenses and entered our airspace.
- We have changed all the codes.
- And on top of that,
there is a vast amount of vital intelligence
on that mainframe.
They know everything about us now.
- And we know nothing about them.
- Almost nothing.
The fact that they chose
to disable our defenses tells us...
something about their intentions.
Madam Secretary,
we brought in several specialists...
to analyze the tissue samples
we harvested from the being.
This is our chief geneticist,
Dr. Hideo Ikegawa.
This is our chief astrobiologist,
Dr. Helen Benson.
- Hello.
- Doctor?
The being is in a nascent state.
The D.N.A. samples we've taken seem to represent
three distinct life forms.
Three different D.N.A. types?
Yes, including the being's brain.
The body tissue is human,
as far as we can tell.
The gray flesh encasing it
is organic material.
Some kind of bioengineered space suit.
What it resembles, oddly enough,
is placental tissue.
Which makes sense, given that placenta's
a life-support system.
And that basically, in order to survive
in our environment,
the being had to be born here...
in its human form.
They must've come here in the past
and obtained a D.N.A. sample from a human subject.
Now, since that birth,
the being has grown exponentially.
This is one hour after surgery.
Three hours.
- Six hours.
- How much can you tell us about it...
- by decoding its D.N.A.?
- Um, you don't understand.
These are the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Geneticists...
- are gonna be studying this code for generations.
- No, they aren't.
This code is the property of the U.S. government.
Its very existence is classified.
I wanna see it.
Water.
- Bring him up.
- Does it actually speak our language,
or does it just parrot what it's heard?
No, it seems to already understand our language.
They've compromised our satellites.
They know everything about us.
Mr. Driscoll.
My name is Regina Jackson.
I'm the secretary of defense
of the United States of America.
This body will take some getting used to.
I've been sent here to determine who
or what you represent...
and what your intentions are.
It feels unreal to me.
Alien.
It'll take time to adapt.
What were you... before you were human?
Different.
Different how?
It would only frighten you.
- Do you have a name?
- Klaatu.
Do you represent a civilization?
I represent a group of civilizations.
- Where is this group of civilizations?
- All around you.
What is your purpose in coming here?
There is a gathering of world leaders
not far from here.
I will explain my purpose to them.
I'm afraid that's not possible.
Perhaps you should explain yourself
to me instead.
Do you speak for the entire human race?
I speak for the president of the United States.
Now, please, tell me.
Why have you come to our planet?
- Your planet?
- Yes.
This is our planet.
No. It is not.
We've decided to sedate him
and move him to a more secure location.
- Are you going to interrogate him?
- That's a possibility.
Madam Secretary, as scientists,
we can't consent to this.
He says he wants to speak to the U.N.
History has lessons to teach us
about first encounters...
between civilizations.
As a rule, the less-advanced civilization
is either exterminated or enslaved.
I'm thinking of Pizarro and the Incas,
Columbus and the Native Americans,
and the list goes on.
Unfortunately, in this case,
the less-advanced civilization is us.
This is a representative
of an extraterrestrial civilization.
This is the most important discovery
in the history of mankind.
It may well be the last discovery
We need to know what they're planning,
and we need to know now.
So you wanna drug him?
Interrogate him? I'm sorry.
- We won't do that. You understand?
- I understand completely.
Of course, if you won't do it,
we'll have to call in someone who will.
Well, I'm sure you can find
someone who will help you with--
- I'll do it.
- Helen.
I'll do it.
That won't be necessary, Doctor.
We've already prepared the solution for you.
I just need a syringe.
I want to apologize to you.
It seems we got off to a bad start.
- It seems we did.
- We're going to transport you...
to a different facility
for better medical care.
No, you are not.
Excuse me?
- I am leaving.
- I can't allow you to do that.
- It is not up to you.
- This is a military installation.
You're surrounded by hundreds of soldiers.
There's no leaving here.
I have done nothing wrong.
You invaded our airspace.
That... automaton that emerged from the sphere,
it attacked our troops.
It acted to defend me.
It activates in the presence of violence.
Dr. Benson, please.
Run.
It's done.
If you'll come with us, ma'am.
Keep moving, please.
I'm going to ask you
a series of control questions.
Are you currently in a seated position?
Yes.
Are you human?
My body is.
Do you feel pain?
My body does.
Are you aware of an impending attack...
on the planet Earth?
You should let me go.
I'll repeat the question.
What gate did you use to enter this base?
- East loading door.
- How do I get there?
100 yards left from the back of this building.
Is there a security code?
Four-four-bravo-three-zero.
What size is that suit?
- Forty-two long.
- Take it off.
Attention. All security personnel,
report to your designated posts.
All civilian personnel
report to Operations immediately.
I'm leaving you now.
No.
Put every arm of the government--
military, law enforcement, federal, state and local--
on high alert.
- If the media gets word that we've lost the being--
- Use a cover story.
We can't risk a panic.
Call him an escaped convict.
Use every surveillance satellite,
every drone aircraft,
every freeway camera.
Use every resource we've got.
Attention: All scheduled trains...
into and out of Penn Station
to Manhattan are canceled...
due to the security perimeter
in Central Park.
Excuse me. Excuse me.
We are committed to providing you
with quality service.
Thank you.
We ask that our passengers
remain calm and orderly...
during these difficult circumstances.
Any disturbance will be subject
to immediate arrest by transit police.
Let's go.
- Back off.
- Don't push me!
- Look, I'm warning you.
- I don't--
- Just give me the ticket!
- I'm not giving you anything. Just--
Give me the--
What's the matter with you?
- Hey!
- Go and get him.
- We have a man down.
- Unrest is causing leaders around the world...
to criticize the U.S. response
to the arrival of the spheres.
Reactions from both national...
and international religious communities
have been varied.
While some have responded with hope and measured optimism,
most religious communities...
have considered recent events
to be apocalyptic.
At gatherings and prayer vigils
in virtually every major city,
many see the arrival
of the Central Park sphere...
as a sign of a new era,
or perhaps even the end of the world.
Leaders around the world are protesting
the U.S.'s decision...
to deny foreign scientists
full access to the being.
Have you done your homework?
School's canceled on account of the aliens.
- They say it's an invasion.
- Well, they're wrong.
- What makes you so sure?
- I just know.
Don't get that!
- Jacob!
- Hello?
- May I speak to Dr. Helen Benson, please?
- It's for you.
Hello?
- Dr. Helen Benson?
- Yes.
I'm calling from Newark Penn Station.
I've got your patient here.
Oh. Um, sorry.
I think there's been a mistake.
Um, I'm not that kind of a doctor.
Hold-Hold on a second.
He says you got his medicine.
I'll be right there.
Attention, all passengers.
Excuse me!
Excuse me. I'm sorry. Somebody called me.
My name's Dr. Benson.
Good. He's over there.
He's your problem now.
Go ahead, take him. He's your problem.
I need my bag!
It's a black bag.
Evacuation registration point
located two blocks this way.
You know, I took a huge risk
back at the hospital.
Did I make a mistake?
Are you a friend to us?
I'm a friend to the Earth.
Let's keep it steady, folks.
Let's keep going forward.
- Hello.
- Hi.
Okay. Now what?
Drive.
Look in your pocket.
Your inside pocket.
Turn left.
Striker two-eight-two-niner,
descend and maintain 2,000...
to establish the vectors
to the target area.
Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.
All right, everybody, we got our mission!
All right. Target acquired and confirmed, sir.
We are locked on.
Madam Secretary,
they're sending in the drones.
Bring in the reapers! We are go!
- Roger that. Descending to 1,200.
- Let's light this thing up.
That's affirmative. In motion now.
- Ground forces have been activated.
- Arm your Sidewinder missiles.
Roger that, Colonel.
Sidewinder missiles armed.
- He's activating.
- Fire! Fire, fire!
- Missiles intercepted!
- Get out of there!
- Withdraw and realign for another sortie.
- Negative!
I've lost link! I've lost control!
Who's in control of the aircraft then?
Striker 2-8 headed for "R" perimeter.
I am out of control!
Anyone got any other ideas?
Why are people running?
We should stay and fight.
They didn't come here to hurt us.
Well, we should kill 'em anyway,
just to make sure.
- Don't say that.
- That's what Dad would've done.
- I think he would've looked for a different way.
- He would've fought.
I like to think I knew him pretty well.
I knew him too, longer than you.
- What do you think?
- Of what?
Should people run,
or should we stay and fight?
- Neither.
- What should we do then?
There's nothing you can do.
This is it. Pull in here.
McDonald's?
Where are you going?
- Jacob, where are you going?
- To the bathroom.
Where is the boy's father?
He's dead.
- How did he die?
- He was in the army.
So the boy wishes his soldier father were here...
to rescue the world from the aliens?
The boy wishes his father were here
for a lot of reasons,
aliens being the least of them.
He wasn't even that kind of a soldier.
He was an engineer.
He went over there to build,
- not to fight.
- And his mother?
She died when he was a baby.
I married his father, and... a year ago,
he was killed.
Why did you come here?
I came to save the Earth.
- From what?
- He's here.
And number 44. Forty-four's ready.
Your tea, Grandfather.
Thank you.
Are you one of them?
One of who?
No. Never mind. Sorry.
You've been out of contact
for a long time.
I had a dangerous assignment.
This is hostile territory.
I've noticed.
I was hoping I could reason with them.
I'm afraid they are not a reasonable race.
I've been living amongst them
for seventy years now.
I know them well.
And?
Any attempt to intercede with them
would be futile.
They are destructive,
and they won't change.
Is that your official report?
The tragedy is, they know
what's going to become of them.
They sense it.
But they can't seem to do anything about it.
It's decided then.
I'll begin the process as soon as possible.
We should make preparations
for our departure.
I'm staying.
You can't stay here.
I can, and I will.
If you stay, you'll die.
I know.
This is my home now.
You yourself called them a destructive race.
That's true.
But still, there is another side.
You see, I-- I love them.
This is a very strange thing.
I-I-I can't find a way to explain it to you.
For many years, I--
I cursed my luck for being sent here.
Human life is difficult.
But as this life is coming to an end,
I consider myself lucky...
to have lived it.
Copy that, Base.
No sudden movements, no aggressive actions.
No matter what happens, no gunfire.
Track is in place, sir.
Containment panels are in position.
- We're ready on your order.
- On my command,
move the panels into place.
- Three.
- Two.
One.
Synchronize established.
I.S.I. ready to copy.
Containment panels are secure.
And... we're still here.
911. What's your emergency?
The escaped convict they showed on the news,
I just saw the guy at the gas station.
- Can you describe him?
- He was in a little car.
911. What is your emergency.
I just saw that wanted man
over by the McDonald's.
Can you give me
a description of the car?
- A silver four-door with a woman and a kid.
- I need three units...
- to look for a silver Honda near Ochada orchard.
- Unit one responding.
- We are patrolling the orchards off I-67.
- HP-28 to follow up.
This is it.
Stop here.
Should--
Uh, Helen, who is this guy?
- A friend.
- What kind of friend?
Scootch over. He's a work friend.
- What's his name?
- Klaatu.
- Klaatu?
- Yeah.
What kind of name is that?
It's foreign, I think.
I never heard you talk about him before.
Well, I haven't known him for very long.
We're just giving him a ride.
Where?
- Here.
- The forest?
Stay here.
I want you to lock the door, okay?
And don't open it for anyone but me.
I'm serious.
Helen, what's going on?
We're getting images of these spheres
from all over the world.
- Okavango, Gobi, Baku.
- Which of our agencies gathered this intel?
Ma'am, none of them.
We pulled these off the Internet.
Is that... them?
No.
It's us.
Those are ordinary cephalopods.
Squid. Octopus.
I don't like him. He's weird, and--
- Why are we driving him around anyway?
- Um--
It's complicated.
Is he comin' home with us?
No. No.
Well, what if you decide you like him,
and he wants to move in?
No, it's not like that.
God, no!
Listen to me.
No one is moving in.
You don't understand.
- Whatever. You wait for him. I'm goin' home.
- Jacob.
Jacob!
What is the matter with you?
These spheres now appear to be leaving...
in the same mysterious manner as they came.
Hopefully, this mass exodus
will bring an end to the panic and unrest...
we've been seeing around the world.
The only sphere that
doesn't appear to be leaving...
is the giant sphere in Central Park.
You think we scared 'em off?
They're not afraid of us.
I need to get back to the city.
Not until you tell me what's going on.
- Did you do that?
- Yes.
- Jacob, get in the car.
- He's one of them.
Please, get in the car.
Get in the car.
I need to know what's happening.
This planet is dying.
The human race is killing it.
So you've come here to help us?
No, I didn't.
You said you came to save us.
I said I came to save the Earth.
You came to save the Earth...
from us.
You came to save the Earth from us?
We can't risk the survival of this planet
for the sake of one species.
- What are you saying?
- If the Earth dies, you die.
If you die, the Earth survives.
There are only a handful of planets
in the cosmos...
that are capable of supporting complex life.
- You can't do this.
- This one can't be allowed to perish.
We can change.
We can still turn things around.
We've watched, we've waited
and hoped that you would change.
- Please.
- It's reached the tipping point.
- We have to act.
- Please!
We'll undo the damage you've done
and give the Earth a chance to begin again.
Don't do this.
Please! We could change.
We can change.
The decision is made.
The process has begun.
Oh, God.
Adam 85 confirming.
10-4, Central.
It won't make any difference, Helen.
Even if they arrest me,
even if they kill me,
the process will continue.
Both of you, hands on the car, right now!
Is that a child in the car?
- Yes.
- This is HP-28.
I'm on I-67.
I have the F.B.I. suspect in custody,
along with one adult female
and one child.
- Awaiting instructions.
- 7-0-140. Roger.
Tell the child to get out of the car.
- Get the kid out of the car!
- Honey, come on.
Okay, you two, over there.
You, I'm not gonna tell you again.
- Hands on the car.
- Please don't hurt him.
- I'm not gonna hurt him, so long as he--
- I wasn't talking to you.
The pain will only last a moment.
You killed him! You killed him!
- Jacob. Jacob!
- Let me finish.
- You killed him! You killed him!
- Shh. Shh. Come here.
- You killed him!
- All right. Sit down.
- He killed him!
- Shh!
He killed him!
He'll be all right.
I don't understand.
You're gonna kill us all,
but you saved him.
He was an obstacle.
I meant him no harm.
You could stop this, couldn't you,
if you wanted to?
I tried to reason with you.
I tried to speak with your leaders.
Those aren't our leaders.
You wanna speak to one of our leaders,
I'll take you to one.
Let me take you.
Get in the car.
Maybe they were just collecting specimens
from our planet.
It's not our planet.
That what he said to me in the hospital.
An ark.
- Excuse me?
- It's an ark.
So are all the other spheres.
They're saving as many species
as they can.
- If the sphere is an ark, then what comes next is--
- The flood.
Karl, we're here.
Okay, let's get you settled.
That's a Nobel Prize.
He won it for his work
in biological altruism.
Probably still be in his desk drawer
if I hadn't gotten it framed for him.
- You tired?
- Just a little.
Close, but no.
I wouldn't--
He won't mind.
He's one of them.
You shouldn't be helping him.
We should stop him.
For just this once,
I need you to trust me.
Is it possible?
I have so many questions to ask you.
It's Bach.
It's beautiful.
So we're not so different after all.
I wish that were true.
So is it a machine, or a living thing?
- It's both. Or... neither.
- What do you mean, neither?
It seems to be some sort of
silicone-based hybrid.
We're calling it GORT--
Genetically Organized Robotic Technology.
Oh, the military and their acronyms.
We've used every diagnostic method available--
M.R.I., thermal imaging, PET scan.
But it was impervious.
So we attempted...
a robotically-assisted exploration
using a diamond drill.
- And?
- The drill bit fractured.
It'll take 24 hours to fix it robotically.
Colonel, we don't have 24 hours.
Send somebody in there
to fix that drill.
Food and fuel hoarding
have led to shortages,
which erupted into looting incidents
throughout Asia and South America.
Outbreaks of rioting...
and unrest in such cities
as Guangdong, China, London and Chicago...
due to the shortages of such basic commodities
as fuel, food and drinking water.
Many point to the Central Park sphere as--
Amidst the chaos in the
New York-NewJersey areas,
local police are looking for an escaped convict
whose name is not being released.
Authorities believe that he is
a significant threat to the public...
and are asking for any information
that could lead to his capture.
If you have seen this man,
please contact the number on your screen below.
There must be alternatives.
You must have some technology that can solve our problem.
Your problem is not technology.
The problem is you.
- You lack the will to change.
- Then help us change.
I cannot change your nature.
You treat the world
as you treat each other.
But every civilization reaches
a crisis point eventually.
- Most of them don't make it.
- Yours did. How?
Our sun was dying.
We had to evolve in order to survive.
So it was only when your world
was threatened with destruction...
that you became what you are now.
- Yes.
- Well, that's where we are.
You say we're on the brink of destruction,
and you're right.
But it's only on the brink...
that people find the will to change.
Only at the precipice do we evolve.
This is our moment.
Don't take it from us.
We are close to an answer.
What's wrong?
Jacob. Can you get your boots on?
He can't get caught.
- What do I do?
- Change his mind.
Not with reason, but with yourself.
It's too late for that.
Jacob!
Down here! He's here!
- Down here! Down here!
- What are you doing?
- He's here!
- I'm trying to help them! That's why I called them.
- What?
- I told them where we are.
- Jacob, you didn't!
We shouldn't be helping him.
Jacob, I'm trying to help us.
We should kill him!
That's what Dad would've done.
You fight me on everything.
On everything!
- If my dad were here--
- But he isn't here! He's gone!
Jacob--
We've extracted the female.
Returning to base.
- Got a visual on the male.
- Yeah, I see him.
Yep. Got it. Target acquired.
Permission to engage.
You are clear to engage.
- You are go to take out the target.
- Roger that.
Please don't hurt me!
Thanks.
I don't know where we are.
Can you help me get home?
This way.
- He's come here to exterminate us, hasn't he?
- You can't stop him.
The only chance we have is
if he changes his mind.
You have to let me talk to him.
What makes you think he'll listen to you?
I don't know that he will.
But I think he trusts me,
and I don't think he wants to do this.
We have the situation under control.
Madam Secretary, General Quinn
needs to see you in the briefing room.
- He says it's urgent.
- You're not in control.
You don't know what he's capable of!
But she didn't do anything wrong.
So they should let her go, right?
You're afraid you're going
to be left alone.
I already am alone. Helen's just someone
that was stuck with me when my dad died.
You know?
Oh. I forgot. You're an alien.
You don't understand anything.
We're good to go.
Hold it.
Your sleeve.
Oh.
Let-Let me out!
- Open the air lock.
- No.
- Open the door!
- Then we have to flash.
- Our protocol--
- I decide what protocol is.
Open the door! Let me out!
- Let me out!
- Reset the drill.
Open it!
I said, reset the drill.
Let me out! Let me out!
Open the door!
Let me out!
Sir, the restraints!
Open the door!
This facility has been sealed.
No one leaves.
We've lost contact with the flash chamber, sir.
Whiskey task force, engage!
- Were there any survivors?
- No.
As you know, at 0524 hours,
our pilots launched a salvo
of Sidewinder air-to-air missiles...
- into the heart of the mass.
- And?
Every strike made it larger.
And this mass--
Where is it heading?
Everywhere.
Dr. Benson.
Madam Secretary, please.
I don't wanna die here in this room
without seeing my son one more time.
Do you really think you can persuade him?
I think you should let me try.
Go on, then.
But I make you no promises.
I still answer to the president.
- You're on your own.
- No, she's not. I'll go with you.
- Good luck.
- Thank you.
It doesn't work.
Go ahead.
It's me. Are you okay?
I'm fine. He's right here.
She wants to talk to you.
Yes.
I need to get back to the city.
- Yes.
- Tell her I know where we can meet her.
I told Helen we should kill you.
Yes, I heard that.
I didn't mean it, though.
- You didn't?
- Well, not anymore.
So what's gonna happen to us?
I was just wondering the same thing.
- End of the world!
- Good luck!
This is it.
This is where we're supposed to meet her.
Come on!
Hurry up. It's this way.
You can do this,
just like with the trooper.
There are some things I can't do.
But you have powers.
I'm sorry.
Please.
Jacob, nothing ever truly dies.
The universe wastes nothing.
Everything is simply...
transformed.
Just leave me alone.
- It's not fair.
- No.
No, it isn't fair.
He left me alone.
Oh, baby. You're not alone.
And he didn't leave you.
I see him in you...
all the time.
All the time.
Sometimes, it's hard for me to bear.
You miss him too?
So much.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
It's all right.
He's here to help.
There's another side to you.
I feel it now.
Is that how it ends?
Yes.
You can't stop it?
I don't know.
It would come at a price...
to you and your way of life.
But we can change.
You know that now.
Please. Please, just give us a chance.
I'll try. I must get back to the city.
Of course, Mr. President,
I understand the situation.
But with all due respect, sir,
any further military action...
will only make things worse.
I believe we may still be able
to open a dialogue--
Yes, Mr. President. As you wish, sir.
Thank you.
- Checkpoint.
- We can't stop. There isn't time.
Lincoln Bravo One to Lincoln Bravo Two.
A black S.U.V. crashed our checkpoint with the suspects.
En route to your position.
Roger that, Bravo One.
Bravo One, we've got orders to let 'em through.
Do you copy?
Roger that.
They're slowing down.
- They're letting us through.
- Why?
Where is everybody?
They've cleared the area.
- Stop the car.
- What?
Stop the car!
Jacob. Jacob!
- I'm okay.
- Jacob. Michael?
Michael.
We have to get to the sphere.
Helen!
We won't make it!
I can't keep them out for long.
Mom.
What's happening to him?
Jacob.
They're inside him.
He's dying.
Help him.
Help him. Please.
Your professor was right.
At the precipice, we change.
It's leaving.
No. He's leaving.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org